This is a simple machine learning algorithim I made, with the actual bulk of the algorithm in the knn.py file.
The way it works (once trained) is that a new datapoint (fed into it with the predict() function) is scored against all the other "training" data points, and whichever "training" data point is highest is what the program returns.
In actuality, the program returns a matching "target" value "linked" to the "training" datapoint, so (in this example) if we have "FF0000" (hex code for red) as the "training" data point that scores highest (or lowest, really - that is what is better, because it means it is closer), it looks at that datapoints index in the training array (which contains all the datapoints), and goes to a matching target array, which contains identifying values for each "training" datapoint, and the function then returns the corresponding index in the target array (for example, if the red hex code datapoint was index 2 in the training array, it would return the value for index 2 in the target array).
Main.py is a simple program that trains the learning model with the data in data.json, and then asks for a hex code as input. It then uses the learning models predict() function to figure out what color the hex code is closest to (red, green, blue, white, or black).
knn.predict() takes one array of datapoints in a 2d array (if our new datapoint was [5, 3], you would have to format it as [[5,3]]), and the new datapoint must have the same number of values as the "training" data.
knn.train() takes any number of datapoints in a 2d array, with each datapoint being an array in its own right. Each datapoint must have the same number of values within it.
All datapoints must be inputed as numbers, not strings.
